# ARCASIA - 官网信息

> 采集时间: 2026-04-20T07:31:15.471Z

## 基础信息

- **website**: http://www.arcasia.org/
- **name**: Architects Regional Council Asia (ARCASIA)
- **description**: The Architects Regional Council Asia (ARCASIA) representing architectural institutes across 22 countries in Asia.

## 官网内容

### homepage

Architects Regional Council Asia (ARCASIA) Skip to content Home About Us Introduction &#038; Brief History ARCASIA Structure Country Zone ARCASIA Council Committees Committee on Professional Practice (ACPP) Committee on Architectural Education (ACAE) Committee on Social Responsibility (ACSR) Committee on Green &#038; Sustainable Architecture (ACGSA) Committee on Young Architects (ACYA) Fellowship Events Zone Activities &#038; News Zone A Zone B Zone C Current Events Recent Events ARCASIA Student Jamboree ARCASIA Forum Asian Congress of Architects Other Events Awards ARCASIA Awards for Architecture (AAA) Architecture Asia Awards for Emerging Architects (AAEA) ARCASIA Thesis of the Year (TOY) ARCASIA Students&#8217; Architectural Design Competition ARCASIA Ar. Barry Will Award Publications Library Contact Home About Us Introduction &#038; Brief History ARCASIA Structure Country Zone ARCASIA Council Committees Committee on Professional Practice (ACPP) Committee on Architectural Education (ACAE) Committee on Social Responsibility (ACSR) Committee on Green &#038; Sustainable Architecture (ACGSA) Committee on Young Architects (ACYA) Fellowship Events Zone Activities &#038; News Zone A Zone B Zone C Current Events Recent Events ARCASIA Student Jamboree ARCASIA Forum Asian Congress of Architects Other Events Awards ARCASIA Awards for Architecture (AAA) Architecture Asia Awards for Emerging Architects (AAEA) ARCASIA Thesis of the Year (TOY) ARCASIA Students&#8217; Architectural Design Competition ARCASIA Ar. Barry Will Award Publications Library Contact About Us The Architects Regional Council Asia (ARCASIA) representing architectural institutes across 22 countries in Asia. The organization itself serves as an extension of each member institute’s regional program and relations. Annual meetings are held to deliberate on, give collective direction and representation to matters that affect the architectural profession in the Asian region. Read more Arcasia Council The ARCASIA Council is where the Presidents of the member institutes come together to discuss matters of ARCASIA and pertinent aspects of architecture in the region. Annual meetings of the council are attended by two official representatives of the member institutes, the Office Bearers (President, Honorary Secretary, Honorary Treasurer, Zonal Vice Presidents, Immediate Past President and President Elect), Advisors, and Committee Chairs of the ARCASIA Council, Past Chairpersons / Presidents of ARCASIA and observers. Read more Arcasia Forum The ARCASIA Council is where the Presidents of the member institutes come together to discuss matters of ARCASIA and pertinent aspects of architecture in the region. Annual meetings of the council are attended by two official representatives of the member institutes, the Office Bearers (President, Honorary Secretary, Honorary Treasurer, Zonal Vice Presidents, Immediate Past President and President Elect), Advisors, and Committee Chairs of the ARCASIA Council, Past Chairpersons / Presidents of ARCASIA and observers. Asian Congress of Architects (ACA) Asian Congress of Architects(ACA) is a major regional conference held every two years and coinciding with the Council meeting. It is more than a conference for the intellectual exchange of current architectural ideas; it is a memorable convival occasion that combines cultural activities of the participants. The host institute for the conference is selected from the member institutes. Read more Arcasia Committees ACAE ARCASIA Committee on Architectural Education The ARCASIA Committee on Architectural Education, is the education arm of ARCASIA and consists of the Chairperson of the Boards of Architectural Education of the various member Institutes or their representatives. ACAE ARCASIA Committee on Architectural Education More details ACPP ARCASIA Committee on Professional Practice The ARCASIA Committee on Professional Practice, focuses on supporting member institutes and their architects, on legal and ethical matters within the profession, including risk management, global professional practice framework and developing a better understanding of cross border practices. ACPP ARCASIA Committee on Professional Practice More details ACGSA ARCASIA Committee on Green &amp; Sustainable Architecture The ARCASIA Committee on Green &amp; Sustainable Architecture aims at creating an awareness as well as promoting green and sustainable design practices and principles within the profession. ACGSA ARCASIA Committee on Green &amp; Sustainable Architecture More details ACSR ARCASIA Committee on Social Responsibility The ARCASIA Committee on Social Responsibility focuses on promoting the role of architects in addressing social, economic and environmental issues within architecture. Some aspects covered include; Accessibility, Conservation, Community Development, Emergency Disaster Preparedness, Relief Efforts and Humanity. ACSR ARCASIA Committee on Social Responsibility More details ACYA ARCASIA Committee on Young Architects The ARCASIA Committee on Young Architects focuses on providing architects under 40 with a platform to; promote young architects, develop young leadership and exchange of idea on aspects ranging from education to professional practice and from green &amp; sustainable design to social responsibility. All in all it is for the development and growth of architectural leadership within the region. ACYA ARCASIA Committee on Young Architects More details ARCASIA Fellowship The ARCASIA Fellowship aims to enhance the bonds and friendships garnered through ARCASIA, by encouraging past attendees to maintain close contact with ARCASIA and encouraging participation. ARCASIA Fellowship More details Arcasia News &amp; Updates ARCASIA Thesis of the Year 2026 (TOY2026) ARCASIA Student&#8217;s Architectural Design Competition 2026 ARCASIA Awards for Architecture 2026 ARCASIA Student&#8217;s Architectural Design Competition 2026 ARCASIA Completes Leadership Transition and Inaugurates New Term with First OBCC Meeting in Shanghai Arcasia Prints &amp; Media Arcasia Archives Discover more Resources Library Publications ARCASIA Council Meeting Archives Quick Links About Us ARCASIA Council ARCASIA Awards ARCASIA Committess Find us Facebook &copy; 2026. Architects Regional Council Asia (ARCASIA). All rights reserved. Arcasia

