# Core77 Design Awards - 官网信息

> 采集时间: 2026-04-20T07:26:26.098Z

## 基础信息

- **website**: https://designawards.core77.com/about
- **name**: Core77 / Design Awards

## 官网内容

### homepage

Core77 / Design Awards Core77 Design Awards How To Enter Why Enter How To Enter Pricing &amp; Deadlines Rules &amp; Regulations Categories Apps &amp; Platforms Branding &amp; Identity Built Environment Commerical &amp; Industrial Equipment Consumer Technology Design for Social Impact Emerging Technologies Furniture &amp; Lighting Home &amp; Living Interaction Lifestyle Accessories Medical &amp; Healthcare Packaging Speculative Design Sports &amp; Outdoors Sustainability Tools Toys &amp; Play Transportation &amp; Mobility Visual Communication Resources Video Making Tips Video Gallery FAQ 2026 Jury About C77DA C77DA Trophy Terms of Use Past Winners 2024 Awards 2023 Awards 2022 Awards 2021 Awards 2020 Awards 2019 Awards 2018 Awards 2017 Awards 2016 Awards 2015 Awards 2014 Awards 2013 Awards 2012 Awards 2011 Awards Sign In / Join Now About the Program Recognizing excellence in all areas of design enterprise, the Core77 Design Awards celebrates the richness of the design profession and its practitioners. We present 20 categories of entry providing designers and researchers a unique opportunity to communicate the intent, rigor and passion behind their efforts. From client work to self-initiated projects and entrepreneurial engagements, we embrace a wide diversity of enterprise: commercial, cultural, social, environmental and discursive. Both the Professional and Student Winners of each category will receive the C77DA trophy, and all Honorees will be published in the Awards Gallery, across the Core77 online network. Be part of the most inclusive and celebratory design awards platform of the digital age. Progressive Categories Our 20 categories range the full spectrum of the design industry, from the consumer-targeted, to the impact-driven, to the academic. See the Categories Distributed International Juries Offering a truly global perspective on design, distributed Jury Captains assigned to the 18 awards categories will pick local team members who are also experts in their category to join them in the jury process. Meet the Jury Entrant Video Testimonials Designers are great at showing and telling, so we give them with the opportunity to share their “real story” (beyond the customary jpegs and text) with the jury through self-directed, honest video testimonials. See the Video Gallery A Trophy Reinvented Recognizing design as a team sport, the Core77 Design Award serves as a DIY mold for a trophy so that teams can cast facsimiles for their collaborators, clients and staff. About the Trophy About Core77 Launched in 1995, Core77 serves a devoted global audience of design professionals, corporations, students, enthusiasts and fans. Core77 publishes articles, discussion forums, resources, book reviews and event calendars. About Core77 &nbsp; Our Network Coroflot &mdash; Design Jobs &amp; Portfolios Design Directory &mdash; Design Firms Core77 Design Awards Social Instagram Twitter Facebook YouTube RSS Feed Links About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise &copy; 2026 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved. &copy; 2026 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms Privacy Policy Contact Advertise About ) m Y ' S &copy; 2026 Core77, Inc. All rights reserved. Email F T &copy;2026 Core77, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use

