# MIPIM Awards - 官网信息

> 采集时间: 2026-04-20T07:30:12.106Z

## 基础信息

- **name**: MIPIM Awards 2026 - Home Page
- **website**: https://mipimawards.com/mipimawards2026/en/page/homepage
- **description**: MIPIM Awards 2026 - Home Page

## 官网内容

### homepage

MIPIM Awards 2026 - Home Page Home WINNERS 2026 Competition Categories How to enter Competition Rules FAQ Jury Previous Winners 2025 Winners 2024 Winners 2023 Winners 2022 Winners 2021 Winners 2020 Winners 2019 Winners 2018 Winners 2017 Winners 2016 Winners 2015 Winners 1991 - 2014 Winners Ceremony Ceremony 2026 Ceremony 2025 Ceremony 2024 Ceremony 2023 Ceremony 2022 Ceremony 2021 Ceremony 2020 Ceremony 2019 Ceremony 2018 Ceremony 2017 Ceremony 2016 Ceremony 2015 Ceremony 2014 Ceremony 2013 Ceremony 2012 Ceremony 2011 MIPIM Asia Awards Register to MIPIM WELCOME TO MIPIM AWARDS 2026 Created in 1991, the MIPIM Awards&nbsp;celebrates the industry's most useful, sustainable and visionary projects. From exemplary buildings in real estate's chief asset classes, to mixed-use and urban regeneration schemes that rewrite the rule book, the winners of the MIPIM Awards will all have one thing in common: a holistic commitment to sustainability. The jury focus on projects that seek to enhance the built environment’s prospects, in line with ESG goals. From a consideration of construction and operational carbon, to climate and life cycle concerns, prizes will go chiefly to projects that best serve their end-users and wider communities while making a contribution to the economy. Can real estate make the world a better place? Inspire your peers and get inspired. THE MIPIM AWARDS 2026: KEY CRITERIA 1. Overall sustainability 2. Integration of the project in its environment and community 3. Quality of the user experience 4. Economic contribution 5. Originality of the concept 6. Architectural qualities If you have any question, please check our FAQ or contact the team mipim.awards@rxglobal.com MIPIM AWARDS GLOBAL SPONSOR WHY YOU SHOULD PARTICIPATE? 10 CATEGORIES Whatever your project, completed or yet to be built, there is a M IPIM Awards category th at is right for you! A JURY OF EXPERTS The jury , composed of high-profile real estate experts and chaired b y&nbsp; Véronique BEDAGUE &nbsp;C hief Executive Officer &amp; Chief Investment Officer of Nexity , will review all the entries and select three winners in each category. INSPIRE YOUR PEERS Before and during MIPIM, the finalists will be submitted to a vote by MIPIM registered delegates who will vote for their favourite project in each of the 10 categories.&nbsp; Seize this invaluable opportunity to promote your project and value the work of your team. THEY'VE WON A MIPIM AWARDS At the end, there is just one question What will be the next idea?&nbsp; Green Bunker | Best conversion project It's a privilieged to be on the stage and be awarded by sage profesionnals agreement.&nbsp; Fuzja (Fusion) |Special jury Award With our great partners, we don't only work on a project but on a shared vision.&nbsp; 'Håndværkskollegiet' - The Crafts College | Best Cultural Sports and Education project Receiving this award is a powerful encouragement of our commitment to creating spaces that enrich lives and contribute positively to our communities. We are beyond grateful for this recognition. Wonderwoods Utrecht | BEST MIXED-USE PROJECT Let's keep pushing the boundaries of Real Estate development. The Hive (thehive.amsterdam) | Best new development At the end, there is just one question What will be the next idea?&nbsp; Green Bunker | Best conversion project It's a privilieged to be on the stage and be awarded by sage profesionnals agreement.&nbsp; Fuzja (Fusion) |Special jury Award With our great partners, we don't only work on a project but on a shared vision.&nbsp; 'Håndværkskollegiet' - The Crafts College | Best Cultural Sports and Education project Receiving this award is a powerful encouragement of our commitment to creating spaces that enrich lives and contribute positively to our communities. We are beyond grateful for this recognition. Wonderwoods Utrecht | BEST MIXED-USE PROJECT &nbsp;12 March&nbsp; 2026 &nbsp; Palais des Festivals, Cannes, France Useful Links Site Terms Rules Code of Conduct Key safety measures Policy Privacy Policy &nbsp;Your Privacy Choices Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Follow Us Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Facebook YouTube We use cookies to analyze and improve our service, to improve and personalize content, advertising and your digital experience. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Cookie Policy Cookies Settings Accept Only Necessary Cookies Accept All Cookies Cookie Preference Center Cookie Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Performance Cookies Functional Cookies Targeting Cookies Your Privacy We process your information, to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements, extract insights, and generate reports to understand service usage; and/or accessing or storing information on devices for that purpose. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more, to change our default settings, and/or view the list of Google Ad-Tech Vendors . Cookie Policy Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Cookies Details‎ Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. Cookies Details‎ Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookies Details‎ Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookies Details‎ Back Button Cookie List Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Allow All

