# SG Mark - 官网信息

> 采集时间: 2026-04-20T07:31:28.091Z

## 基础信息

- **website**: https://sgmark.org/
- **name**: Singapore Good Design Awards (SG Mark) -

## 官网内容

### homepage

Singapore Good Design Awards (SG Mark) - Home About the Mark Background Purpose Criteria Benefits SG Mark Logo SG Mark Usage Guide Participation Timeline Categories Fees Award-Winner Package Submission Information Terms &#038; Conditions Jurors Winners 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Media Updates Virtual Exhibition Media Coverage Photo Gallery FAQ Contact Us About the Organiser Contact Submit Now English Chinese Singapore Good Design Awards (SG Mark) About Singapore Good Design The Singapore Good Design (SG Mark) is a benchmark of good design and quality. Design Business Chamber Singapore (DBCS) launched Singapore Good Design (SG Mark) in 2013 in partnership with the Japan Institute of Design Promotion (JDP) that founded the prestigious Good Design Award (G Mark). SG Mark was established to set the benchmark for exceptional design quality that impacts businesses and communities in Singapore and beyond. Good design has become a source of growth and productivity in the economy as organisations recognise the value of investing in excellent design principles, processes and offerings. I mportant Dates Open for Submissions 5 January 2026 Submission Deadline 10 April 2026, 2359 hrs (GMT+8) Winners Notification June 2026 Awards Ceremony 10 September 2026 Purpose SG Mark celebrates the ingenuity and talent of our design community. Our overarching goal is to impact businesses, improve quality of life of different communities (individuals, corporations and countries) and influence culture. SG Mark acknowledges and affirms companies and individuals who have generated significant value by focusing on human needs and experiences and providing solutions in their products and services in order to enhance industrial development and enrich lives responsibly. The quality standard set by SG Mark will not only inspire designers to devise practical solutions through individual products, but also shape the world through all disciplines of design that impact both communities and the environment. Celebrate you and your company’s innovation solutions and milestones Showcase exemplary design ethos and inspire current and future generations. Propose and present solutions to improve lifestyles, industries, and societies. Receive exclusive evaluation and feedback by internationally renowned design practitioners. Leverage on the Singapore brand name to heighten value in global and creative economies, and enter regional markets. Celebration of company and project teams for their creative innovation solutions and milestones. Design is all around us &#8211; your good design deserves to be recognised. Submit Now Design is all around us &#8211; your good design deserves to be recognised. Submit Now Let us celebrate good design. Let us celebrate you. Category highlights Special Category: Health & Wellness SILVER PRIDE LION TROUPE Read more Digital Design BUDGET BUDDIES Read more Spatial Design BENOY SINGAPORE STUDIO Read more Visual Design ALL FORMS OF LIFE Read more Product Design ION M1-S Read more Video highlights We are featured on Send us an enquiry SG Mark CTA Form Name * Name First First Last Last Phone * Email Company * Designation * Category * Choose a Category Architecture Digital Design Experience Design Fashion Design Spatial Design Sustainable Design Product Design Visual Design *Arrange Meeting To Learn More reCAPTCHA Submit If you are human, leave this field blank. Organiser Award Partners Follow us on Facebook Twitter Youtube Whatsapp Copyright &copy; 2026 SG Mark. All Rights Reserved. Powered by TheDigitalCube Singapore Back to top

