# SIT Award - 官网信息

> 采集时间: 2026-04-20T07:27:44.199Z

## 基础信息

- **website**: https://www.sitaward.com/
- **name**: SIT Furniture Design Award™ - Furniture &#038; Interior Design Awards 2026
- **description**: SIT Furniture Design Award was created as a way to celebrate and share the remarkable work of furniture designers and interior designers.

## 官网内容

### homepage

SIT Furniture Design Award™ - Furniture &#038; Interior Design Awards 2026 CLOSING APRIL 26TH! AWARDS FURNITURE DESIGN AWARD INTERIOR DESIGN AWARD CATEGORIES WINNERS BENEFITS JURY EVENTS NEWS PRESS FAQS SUBMIT NOW Every Day Chair Courtesy of Landscape Forms SIT Furniture Design Award welcomes Furniture Design and Interior Design submissions from around the world SIT Furniture Design Award ™ was created to celebrate and share the remarkable work of furniture designers and those who use furniture in their projects. The creativity, innovative vision, and accessibility of the furniture design community deserve to be applauded and shared worldwide. The SIT Design Award 2026 is closing on 26th of April, 2026! SUBMIT TODAY SIT FURNITURE DESIGN AWARD 2025 WINNERS Gather and Tiers Foster + Partners / Furniture Design of the Year No Footprint Wood House A-01 (A Company / A Foundation) / Interior Designer of the Year The Saddle stool Elay Dagan / Emerging Furniture Designer of the Year See All Winners AWARDS CEREMONY 2025 SIT Furniture Design Award Gala Unites Global Design Leaders in Basel’s Elisabethenkirche. A record-setting ceremony that brought together world-renowned studios, award-winning architects and a new generation of emerging designers for a night dedicated to creativity, collaboration and the future of design inside one of Basel’s most iconic cultural spaces. On Friday, November 21st, 2025, Basel became the centre of the international design community as the SIT Furniture Design [&hellip;] Read more » DESIGN STORIES &amp; PRESS SIT Furniture Design Award 2025 Catalogue is now available! Introducing the SIT Furniture Design Award 2025 Catalogue, a collection of winning designs in furniture and interior design. This catalogue celebrates the winners of the 5th edition of the SIT Award, both established professionals and emerging talents showcasing their innovative creations and pushing the boundaries of form and function. Additionally, the catalogue features exclusive interviews [&hellip;] SIT Furniture Design Award Showcases Product and Retail Design Thinking at Bangkok Design Week As part of Bangkok Design Week, two curated talks organised by 3C Awards Group will take place on February 1st at the Thailand Creative &amp; Design Center (TCDC). Hosted at the Resource Center Library on the 4th floor of the Grand Postal Building, the sessions bring together international designers, architects, and brand leaders to explore how design shapes cities, products, and everyday [&hellip;] Interview with ESCOFET on Designing Gather and Tiers and Taking Home Furniture Design of the Year Public space feels most alive when it invites people to slow down, meet, and share moments together. This is what ESCOFET has been dedicated to for more than a century, shaping cities with urban elements that combine strength, function, and imagination. Their recent collaboration with Foster + Partners produced Gather and Tiers, two collections that [&hellip;] SIT FURNITURE DESIGN AWARD JURY PANEL The SIT Furniture Design Award winners are carefully selected by our prestigious international jury, made up of architects, interior designers, professors, editors, academics: all well-respected and recognized members of the design community. Full Jury SIT FURNITURE DESIGN AWARDS 2026 INTERESTED TO JOIN? FIND MORE INFORMATION HERE! ANY QUESTIONS? PLEASE EMAIL US OR CONTACT OUR LIVE CHAT SUPPORT! AWARDED COMPANIES Awarded Companies Rockwell Group is thrilled to be recognized by the SIT Award for our “sage collection” for Benchmark. David Rockwell, Rockwell Group, Furniture Design of the Year 2020. I am always extremely honored to win an award. It is one marker of success, but I feel the real accolade is seeing my objects in average people’s homes or to see a space realized, enjoyed, and experienced by people. But we need awards like the SIT Awards to highlight excellence and innovation! Karim Rashid MEDIA &amp; PARTNERS More Partners Stay in touch Join the community Name Email Marketing permission : I give my consent to SIT Furniture Design Awards to be in touch with me via email using the information I have provided in this form for the purpose of news, updates and marketing. If you wish to withdraw your consent, simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email or contact us at info@sitawards.com. HP Più Uno | Winner in Stool⁠ ⁠ Più Uno is a modular Meet our 2026 Jury Members! 🏆⁠ ⁠ Michele Blasilli The 2026 SIT Awards are entering their final stret Meet our 2026 Jury Members! 🏆⁠ ⁠ Fabrizio Constanz Conexão 03 speakers | Winner in Accessories⁠ ⁠ The Meet our 2026 Jury Members! 🏆⁠ ⁠ Christoph Guenthe The Camille Dining Table | Winner in Dining Table⁠ Meet our 2026 Jury Members! 🏆⁠ ⁠ Niko Kapa | Desig Follow us on Instagram SIT Furniture Design Awards™ Acknowledging ground-breaking furniture design. Login About the SIT Design Award Sponsorship &#038; Partnership Opportunities Companies Ranking Catalog Partners Contact Us Terms &#038; Conditions Privacy Policy &#038; Personal Data Facebook Instagram Youtube Linked In &copy; 2026 SIT Furniture Design Award™ We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies 3rd Party Cookies Privacy Policy &amp; Personal Data Powered by&nbsp; GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled 3rd Party Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled Privacy Policy &amp; Personal Data More information about our Privacy &amp; Cookie Policy Enable All Save Changes

